Start README with an overall description (#34)
NETWAYS/check_interfaces: README.md

check_interfaces
================

This is a monitoring plugin for [Monitoring Plugins Interfaces](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/draft-kaestle-monitoring-plugins-interface-03)
compatible monitoring systems.

> The intented usage is to retreive the interface data from devices implementing default SNMP network structures and test whether interfaces are up or down and whether the bandwith usage exceeds a certain threshold.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The intended usage is to retrieve the interface data from devices implementing default SNMP network structures and test whether interfaces are up or down and whether the bandwidth usage exceeds a certain threshold.
```
